				Assignment For Day 1

 1 Use of JavaScript
-> Web Applications
   Mobile Applications using libraries like react native
   Web Development
   Web servers can be created by using Node.js

 2 Difference between client-side and server-side
-> 
	
	Client side		      				server side

    Runs on the user’s computer     		   Runs on the web server
   
    Reduces load on the server’s proccessing       As server provides dynamic websites to user.
						   It increases the processing load on server.
   
    Does not need interaction with the server      Requires interaction with the server

    Languages used:  HTML, CSS, JavaScript         Languages used: PHP, ASP.net, Python


 3 Node js
-> Node.js is javascript runtime environment based on google chrome's v8 engine.
   Using Node.js we can run Js code outside the browser. With the use of Node.js 
   we can use javascript in server side. 

 4 Scope in JS
-> Scope refers to the availability of variables and functions in certain parts of the code.
   In JavaScript, a variable has two types of scope:
	1-Global Scope
	2-Local Scope

   Global Scope -: A variable declared at the top of a program or outside of a function is considered
		   a global scope variable.
 		   The value of a global variable can be accessed through out the program.
		   The value of a global can be changed inside the functions

   Local Scope -: A variables declared inside the function or in any block have local scope means those variables 
                  are not availabe ouside the function.

 5 JavaScript is a "synchronous" .

 6 JavaScript is a single threaded synchronous language.

 7 DOM- Document object model
   The DOM represents the HtML document as nodes and object.Whenever browser loads
   any document it creates the tree like structure of nodes and object. That is called as DOM.
   With this DOM we can interact with the pages using
   DOM manipulation methods.We can add/delete elements to the page. 
